Abdurrahman Bilal Kar
Group 3-K On Campus Matcher
22003569 CS102-3

February W1 -1 Hours
Team is assembled. I created the Whatsapp group.

February W2 -2 hours
I offered Green Surfer Project to be our cs102 project. It was a social media platform idea to promote sustainable brands. 
Other members offered to look at gaming, so I researched on game engines. I found libgdx and jmonkeyEngine and tried to learn to use libgdx with eclipse.
I downloaded gitkraken and studied git.

February W3 -2 Hours
I made a small description and a minimal report on Green Surfer app. BilVerse project was also a candidate along with TeamRise app. However in the lab we decided on BilMatch app, later referred as On Campus Matcher app. I opposed the idea yet democracy won.

February W4 -4 Hours
I worked on the first report of the app. I played a roll in distributing the task along with completing my part. I mainly played I part in the design of the algorithm.

March W1 -8 Hours
I prepared my part in presentation by utilizing my part in the report. I also converted other parts of the report to slides and as I had the needed access to the software, I edited the visuals of the slide.
Besides, in case our presentation would not be ready until due, I presented the PowerPoint on my own; however, there were no need to upload it.
We decided that everyone will make a countdown timer apk as an exercise.

March W2 -10 Hours
I played a major role in the perpetration of Requirements Report. I designed the algorithm, I created and explained 3 additional features of the app. I searched for the competitors and wrote down the part in the report in a detailed way.
I completed the countdown timer apk. 

March W3 -5 Hours
I designed some parts of the prototype of On Campus Matcher app using proto.io for GUI presentation.
I was responsible for the design of the algorithm and scraping data from SRS.

March W4 -4 Hours
I made a research on java web crawler api’s and I had chosen JSOUP. I watched some tutorials to have an idea and read some documents.

April W1 -10 Hours
I set up and learned to use JSOUP api, which is needed for scraping the web. I studied some examples from IMDB.com and telegraph stcok prices etc. 
I started to make my twitter clone using android studio by following a tutorial on udemy.

April W2 -10 Hours
Started the implementation of the web scraper with Jsoup api.
Halfway done to get the schedules. Learned HTML and CSS.

April W3 -8 Hours
Fully operational SRS schedule scraper is made. From any year, any course, any semester, every schedule can be extracted. Set up my git branch with the help of my teammates.

April W4 -10 Hours
Turned SRS schedule data to JSON and import to FireBase successfully. However, due to a merge conflict issue, cannot push to Github. Tried opening new branch but failed. 

May W1 -2 Hour
Watched lectures on firebase

May W2 -1 Hour
Prepared my part int the presentation and presented it.

